We've learned with deployment,
we are simply making our model available for use with a software or web application.
This means users can input their data into a model and receive
predictions back from the model through the application.
Thinking back to our Magic 8-ball application,
users ask a question and provide some additional data to the application.
The application sends this additional data to the model,
which uses to predict the user's mood,
then the application returns an answer to
the user's question based upon the user's predicted mood.
Let's imagine there's accompany,
Oracles-R-Us, that provides a Magic 8-ball service.
Service users call in and speak to representative who gathers there additional data.
This data will be used to predict the user's mood.
The user is put on hold while the representative talks to the typist
to give them the additional data to input into the model.
The typist then tells the representative the prediction,
which they'll use to answer the user's question.
Using this example, we can think of the representative as the application,
whose responsibility is to interface with the user and gather their data.
We can think of the typist as the model,
whose responsibility is to take the data and return a prediction.
Just like the representative and typist communicate with each other,
our application and model communicate with each other to provide user predictions.
The environment is the computational system that host the application.
The type of environment is defined by the kind of user who can access the service.
With our example, we're providing predictions to users who are customers,
so it's a production environment.
If instead users were employees testing the application,
it would be a test environment.
The application communicates with the model through
an interface to the model that's called an endpoint.
We'll discuss endpoints in more detail next.